README.md, before:

# Notebook de Casa: Notes on Everyday Life

> A personal collection of essays I've written. A personal journey of lifelong learning, sharing resources, creating things, and trying to be better.

[![Issues](https://img.shields.io/github/issues/brennanbrown/blog?style=flat-square)](https://github.com/brennanbrown/blog/issues)
[![Forks](https://img.shields.io/github/forks/brennanbrown/blog?style=flat-square)](https://github.com/brennanbrown/blog/forks)
[![Stars](https://img.shields.io/github/stars/brennanbrown/blog?style=flat-square)](https://github.com/brennanbrown/blog/)
[![Gem Version](http://img.shields.io/gem/v/suchgem.svg)](https://rubygems.org/gems/suchgem)
[![License](http://img.shields.io/:license-mit-blue.svg)](http://doge.mit-license.org)

## History

This blog was originally started in 2015 on [Medium](https://medium.com/brennanbrown) called _Everyday Essays_ after I graduated from high school, after years of telling myself _"I really wanna start a blog!"_

Since then, I have migrated to WordPress with the name Wander Notebook, (still available to view [here](http://wandernotebook.com/)) to now self-hosting on GitHub using a bare-bones layout and design I made myself, under the name [Notebook Casa](https://brenblog.netlify.app/).

With no expertise or formal education, I have written a multitude of posts on various topics over the years. My most frequented topics are happiness, creativity, productivity, and writing itself.

You can view a visual, graph-based history of posts on my [Beeminder](https://beeminder.com/brennanbrown/blog).

## Purpose

Many people will tell you that the communicative medium of blogging died out many years ago, replaced by more convenient, short-hand modes of interaction and technology.

I am on a quiet, reluctant fight against that. I believe that people should take a step back from the privately-controlled, information-overloaded platforms of social media that have monopolized the internet and instead carve out a piece of digital real estate for themselves.

Although the age of (poorly designed) Geocities and Livejournal are over, people still have a unique voice that should thrive independently, and not rely on the handful of websites that everyone uses. The Internet is for everyone.

## Recommended Reading

If you haven't read any of my work before, here are my favorite pieces:

- [My Writing Process: Five steps to go from brainstorming to completed work.](https://brenblog.netlify.app/my-writing-process/)
- [The Way of Work: Understanding discipline for doing difficult tasks.](https://brenblog.netlify.app/the-way-of-work/)
- [Zen of Housekeeping: Life as a kitchen sink.](https://brenblog.netlify.app/zen-of-housekeeping/)
- [Our Finite Everything: The Limited Amount We Have.](https://brenblog.netlify.app/our-finite-everything/)

## Contributing

If you have an question, idea, or would like to guest post, please send me a DM on [Twitter](https://twitter.com/brennankbrown) and we'll be able to work something out.

If you would like to contribute, I'd guide you to the [Contribution Page](https://jekyllrb.com/docs/contributing/) on Jekyll's website for more information.

## License

I'm a strong advocate for open-source, including realms beyond software. Because of this, all of my writing on this blog is under Creative Commons.

Specifically, this means that you may use or reuse anything I create (including for commercial reasons), under the conditions that you attribute me and use the same license!

<a rel="license" href="http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/4.0/"><img alt="Creative Commons License" style="border-width:0;" src="https://i.creativecommons.org/l/by-sa/4.0/88x31.png" /></a>

<span>Notebook de Casa</span> by <a href="https://brenblog.netlify.app" rel="cc:attributionURL">Brennan K. Brown</a> is licensed under a <a rel="license" href="http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/4.0/">Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 4.0 International License</a>.

The web design and code for this repository are written under the GNU General Public License v3

## Acknowledgements

This website is powered by [Jekyll!](https://jekyllrb.com/), a simple, blog-aware, static site generator that was created by Tom Preston-Werner, GitHub's co-founder.

Commit message:

chore(branding): unify site title and docs to 'Brennan's Old Blog' and domain brennan-archive.netlify.app; center summary meta; add footer spacing

README.md, after:

# Brennan's Old Blog

> A personal collection of essays I've written. A personal journey of lifelong learning, sharing resources, creating things, and trying to be better.

This is an archive of my earlier writing and experiments in web design.

## History

This blog was originally started in 2015 on [Medium](https://medium.com/brennanbrown) called _Everyday Essays_ after I graduated from high school, after years of telling myself _"I really wanna start a blog!"_

Since then, I have migrated to WordPress with the name Wander Notebook, (still available to view [here](http://wandernotebook.com/)) to self-hosting on GitHub using a bare-bones layout and design I made myself. This repository now powers the archived site at [brennan-archive.netlify.app](https://brennan-archive.netlify.app).

With no expertise or formal education, I have written a multitude of posts on various topics over the years. My most frequented topics are happiness, creativity, productivity, and writing itself.

You can view a visual, graph-based history of posts on my [Beeminder](https://beeminder.com/brennanbrown/blog).

## Purpose

Many people will tell you that the communicative medium of blogging died out many years ago, replaced by more convenient, short-hand modes of interaction and technology.

I am on a quiet, reluctant fight against that. I believe that people should take a step back from the privately-controlled, information-overloaded platforms of social media that have monopolized the internet and instead carve out a piece of digital real estate for themselves.

Although the age of (poorly designed) Geocities and Livejournal are over, people still have a unique voice that should thrive independently, and not rely on the handful of websites that everyone uses. The Internet is for everyone.

## Recommended Reading

If you haven't read any of my work before, here are a few pieces:

- [My Writing Process: Five steps to go from brainstorming to completed work.](https://brennan-archive.netlify.app/my-writing-process/)
- [The Way of Work: Understanding discipline for doing difficult tasks.](https://brennan-archive.netlify.app/the-way-of-work/)
- [Zen of Housekeeping: Life as a kitchen sink.](https://brennan-archive.netlify.app/zen-of-housekeeping/)
- [Our Finite Everything: The Limited Amount We Have.](https://brennan-archive.netlify.app/our-finite-everything/)

## Contributing

If you have an question, idea, or would like to guest post, please send me a DM on [Twitter](https://twitter.com/brennankbrown) and we'll be able to work something out.

If you would like to contribute, I'd guide you to the [Contribution Page](https://jekyllrb.com/docs/contributing/) on Jekyll's website for more information.

## License

I'm a strong advocate for open-source, including realms beyond software. Because of this, all of my writing on this blog is under Creative Commons.

Specifically, this means that you may use or reuse anything I create (including for commercial reasons), under the conditions that you attribute me and use the same license!

<a rel="license" href="http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/4.0/"><img alt="Creative Commons License" style="border-width:0;" src="https://i.creativecommons.org/l/by-sa/4.0/88x31.png" /></a>

<span>Brennan's Old Blog</span> by <a href="https://brennan-archive.netlify.app" rel="cc:attributionURL">Brennan K. Brown</a> is licensed under a <a rel="license" href="http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/4.0/">Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 4.0 International License</a>.

The web design and code for this repository are written under the GNU General Public License v3

## Acknowledgements

This website is powered by [Jekyll](https://jekyllrb.com/), a simple, blog-aware, static site generator.
